feat: add support for the pesde package manager (#26)
DiscordLuau/discord-luau: packages/std_polyfills/README.md

<div align="center">
	<p>
		<a href=""><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DiscordLuau/.github/master/resource/DiscordLuau-Banner.png" width="512" alt="discord-luau"/></a>
	</p>
</div>

## [DiscordLuau - Std Polyfills](https://pesde.dev/packages/discord_luau/std_polyfills)

DiscordLuau - Std Polyfills provides polyfills for the standard library. When transitioning Discord-Luau to a new Luau runtime, ensure the standard library is fully polyfilled.

All Discord-Luau packages depend on this package as a core dependency.

### Installation

> To use DiscordLuau State, add it to your project using the pesde package manager:

Reviewer: This refers to `State`, likely because it was copied from the README for that package. 

```suggestion
To use DiscordLuau's standard library polyfills, add it to your project using the pesde package manager:
```

```bash
pesde add discord_luau/std_polyfills
```

### Getting Started

1. Require the library in your project:
```luau

> local Std = require("./lune_packages/std_polyfills")

Reviewer: `Std` is not a class. It should use `camelCase`, i.e., `std`. We need to refactor the rest of this package to do this too.

Author: updated.
